# AGREEMENT BETWEEN AWD IMPLEMENTER FARMER AND AURIGRAPH FOR SHARING CARBON CREDITS

The concerned Agreement is between the Landowner/Farmer who is actively cultivating (from now on, to be referred to as “Party A”) and Aurigraph, bearing EIN: 852762242 (from now on, to be referred as “Party B/Company/Aurigraph”) for the purpose of sharing carbon credit benefits between both the Parties and both the parties agree to be bound by the terms & conditions of this Agreement.

## Details of Party - A

| Field | Details |
|-------|---------|
| **Name** | (Mr/Mrs/Ms) (Name of Paddy Farmer) |
| **Survey Number** |  |
| **Patta / Phani Number** |  |
| **Khatha Number** |  |
| **Land Area** |  Acres |
| **Mobile Number** |  |
| **ID** | (Aadhaar Number / Voter ID / if any) |
| **Village** |  |
| **Taluk** |  |
| **District** |  |
| **State** | Karnataka |

-----

### 1\. Party A hereby confirms the below stated averments:

#### 1.1 I am the authorized person for the above landholding number and currently practicing the traditional practice of below practices:

a) Continuously flooding
b) Transplanted rice (TPR)
c) Double crop paddy
d) Triple crop paddy
e) Single crop paddy


#### 1.2 I have the willingness to work with Aurigraph in developing the project under the Carbon offset project / programme. I confirm to implement the sustainable rice production practices in my paddy field in the above-mentioned land area above-described landholding for which I am authorized and participate in the project under carbon market standard. I shall adopt the below tick mark practices:

a) Changing the water regime during the cultivation period from continuously to intermittently flooded conditions and/or a shortened period of flooded conditions.
b) Adopting the Alternate Wetting and Drying method (AWD).
c) Changing the rice cultivation practice from transplanted to Direct-Seeded Rice (DSR).

#### 1.3 I hereby irrevocably agree to/ follow the technical guidance and maintain the method, practice, and associated equipment in line with any instructions given by the experts of Aurigraph.

a) Adopt the method chosen in clause 1.2 of the contract
b) Not sell or create any other interest in the adopted technique or associated equipment/pipe
c) Notify Aurigraph if I notice that anything has gone wrong, or could go wrong, in respect of the AWD technique and/or DSR
d) Notify if there is any transfer of ownership/agriculture rights of the land to another farmer for cultivation
e) Allow Aurigraph and/or their representatives onto my farmland to inspect and provide any information they request.
f) I agree to follow the instructions made by the Aurigraph representative and maintain the record as sought by Aurigraph in the carbon passbook.
g) I appoint Aurigraph to manage the carbon project cycle for the cultivation practice adopted by me in the farmland mentioned above and realize the carbon credits as per the applicable standard as defined in clause 1.2.
h) I agree that Aurigraph shall exclusively engage with me for the next 20 years/unless I have transferred the concerned agricultural land/ I am no longer the cultivator of the land whichever is earlier, where Aurigraph shall manage the carbon project cycle and realize the carbon credits associated with the cultivation practice mentioned in clause 1.2 in the above-mentioned field. I shall be diligent enough and notify any transfer of ownership/ agriculture rights of the land to another farmer for cultivation.


-----

### Carbon Credits

#### 1.4 I on behalf of my family members, irrevocably transfer all rights to any Carbon Credits that may be generated by the implementation of the technique prescribed under clause 1.2 and implemented in association with Aurigraph to Aurigraph, and to take all reasonable steps to effect such transfer. I irrevocably transfer all the right of ownership of carbon credits to Aurigraph for carbon credits that will be generated from my farmland due to the adoption of practices mentioned under Clause 1.2 in exchange for the assistance, capacity building, hand holding, free supply of the monitoring water pipe, implementation of AWD technique and management of project cycle. Carbon Credits means Certified Emission Reductions (CER) generated under the Clean Development Mechanism or Verified Carbon Units (VCU) under Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) or Voluntary Emission Reduction Units (VERs) under VERRA Standard, A6.4 - ER under the Article 6.4 of the Paris Agreement or other carbon credit standard or benefits which may be associated with the implementation of technique under clause 1.2 at any time in the future.

-----

### 2\. Duties of Aurigraph

#### 2.1 On successful issuance of carbon credits under this agreement, Aurigraph shall try its best to provide INR 800 per acre as carbon revenue for double crop paddy cultivation to Party A with a reference carbon credit Market Price of 10 USD per carbon credit. Party B will make the payment to Party A towards the realization of carbon credits except in circumstances which materially/ adversely/ legally affect the ability of Party B not within its reasonable control to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Any increase or decrease in the carbon price with the reference benchmark will be adjusted in the same proportionate with respect to the carbon revenue that will be given to the farmers.

-----

### 3\. Dispute Resolution

#### 3.1 This agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Government of India.

#### 3.2 No dispute shall be placed before any court of law until the said dispute has been amicably addressed under a duly constituted unbiased Mediation process within 10 days of the dispute being brought into notice (in written) to the concerned Party. (The Mediator(s) can be appointed by Party B in consultation with Party A).

-----

### 4\. Force Majeure

#### 4.1 For the purpose of this Agreement, an “Event of Force Majeure” means any circumstance not within the reasonable control of the Party affected, but only if and to the extent that (i) such circumstance, despite the exercise of reasonable diligence and the observance of Good Utility Practice, cannot be, or be caused to be, prevented, avoided or removed by such Party, and (ii) such circumstance materially and adversely affects the ability of the Party to perform its obligations under this Agreement, and such Party has taken all reasonable precautions, due care and reasonable alternative measures in order to avoid the effect of such event on the Party’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement and to mitigate the consequences thereof.

#### 4.2 Any legal prohibition on the Party B’s ability to conduct its Business, including the passing of a statute, decree, regulation, or order by a Competent Authority prohibiting the party B from conducting its Business, other than as a result of Party B’s failure to comply with the law or any order, Consent, rule, regulation or other legislative or judicial instrument passed by a Competent Authority.

#### 4.3 The parties shall not be held liable for their inability to perform, owing to clauses 4.1 & 4.2.

-----

### 5\. Confidentiality

#### 5.1 Party A shall not disclose to anyone and shall maintain the utmost level of confidentiality with respect to any dealings with Party B in accordance to the terms of this Agreement.

#### 5.2 The details of the Party A (i.e., Landowner/Farmer) collected by Party B will not be used for any other purposes except the AWD / methane avoidance project. The farmers data will be kept safely and securely with us and details are not intended to be used for any other purpose.

-----

(Signed for and on behalf of Aurigraph)

……………………………..……………………
Dated:………………………...........

(Signed by the landowner/farmer)

……………………………………………………
Dated:………………………………

Witness Name and Signature
Dated:

Witness Name and Signature
Dated: